******************** Aklan [More info] ********************

Top Attractions  
Boracay Island (Malay): The world-famous island known for its powdery 
white sand beaches, turquoise waters, vibrant nightlife, and endless 
water sports — Aklan’s top tourism gem.

Bakhawan Eco-Park (Kalibo): A 220-hectare mangrove forest with a 1.3 km 
bamboo boardwalk, watchtower, and picnic huts. A model for sustainable 
ecotourism.

Jawili Falls (Tangalan): A seven-tiered waterfall cascading over 
limestone basins. Great for swimming, nature walks, and cliff-jumping.

Ariel’s Point (Buruanga): A paradise for thrill-seekers, offering cliff 
diving, snorkeling, and boat tours along Buruanga’s scenic coast.

Hacienda Maria (Buruanga): A hidden adventure spot with waterfalls, 
caves, hot-pot jacuzzis, and traditional lambanog tasting.

Nabas Wind Farm: A panoramic hilltop view with giant wind turbines 
overlooking the countryside and sea. Ideal for photography.

Hurom-Hurom Cold Spring (Nabas): Cool, clear spring waters surrounded 
by lush greenery — perfect for a refreshing dip.

Likitnon White Rocks (Madalag): A surreal river valley with unique 
white stone formations and natural bathtubs in the jungle.

Pagatpat Mangrove Park (Buruanga): A peaceful mangrove sanctuary with 
bamboo walkways and huts — perfect for sunset watching and birding.

Tigayon Hill & Caves (Kalibo): A historical site with limestone caves, 
a grotto, and a hilltop chapel overlooking the Aklan River Basin.

Manduyog Hill (Banga): A 500-foot pilgrimage site with a chapel, a 
giant cross, and Stations of the Cross — offering scenic views.

Tinago Lake (Batan): Known as the “hidden sea,” this 8-kilometer-long 
lake is surrounded by mangroves, great for boating and quiet escapes.

Cultural & Historical Highlights  
Kalibo Cathedral (St. John the Baptist): A historic riverside church 
with Spanish-Filipino architecture, central to the Ati-Atihan Festival.

Museo it Akean (Kalibo): A museum displaying Aklan’s heritage — 
pre-colonial artifacts, crafts, and Ati-Atihan memorabilia.

Aklan Freedom Shrine (Kalibo): A national historical site honoring the 
19 martyrs of Aklan who fought for freedom.

Golden Sarok Rotonda (Kalibo): A symbolic landmark featuring a massive 
golden sarok (farmer’s hat), representing Aklan’s cultural identity.

Festivals & Events  
Kalibo Santo Niño–Ati-Atihan Festival: Celebrated every third week of 
January. Famous for tribal dances, colorful costumes, drumming, and 
devotion to the Holy Child — known as the “Mother of All Philippine 
Festivals.”

Nature & Hidden Gems  
Aklan River (Panay’s longest): Ideal for river rafting and kayaking. 
Lined with lush scenery and quiet picnic spots.

Kalibo Ostrich Farm (Kalibo): A family-friendly attraction with 
ostriches, exotic animals, ATV rides, and nature tours.

Pagatpat & Bakhawan Mangrove Parks: Both offer tranquil boardwalk 
experiences for bird-watching, nature walks, and eco-learning.