******************** Bohol [More info] ********************

Top Attractions
Chocolate Hills (Carmen): Over 1,200 cone-shaped hills that turn brown
in the dry season — Bohol’s most iconic and mysterious landscape.

Alona Beach (Panglao): A white-sand beach lined with resorts,
restaurants, and dive shops — perfect for swimming, sunbathing, and
nightlife.

Hinagdanan Cave (Dauis): A naturally lit cave with a lagoon inside,
stalactites, and a swimmable pool — great for adventure seekers.

Balicasag Island: A marine sanctuary known for sea turtles, coral
gardens, and world-class diving sites.

Virgin Island (Panglao): A white sandbar that appears during low tide,
ideal for peaceful picnics and wading in shallow turquoise waters.

Loboc River Cruise: A scenic boat ride with buffet meals, live music,
and views of nipa huts and lush riverbanks.

Tarsier Sanctuary (Corella): A protected habitat where visitors can
see the world’s smallest primates up close in a natural setting.

Cultural & Historical Highlights
Baclayon Church: One of the oldest stone churches in the Philippines,
built in the 1700s — restored after the 2013 earthquake.

Blood Compact Shrine (Tagbilaran): A historical site commemorating the
first treaty of friendship between Filipinos and Spaniards in 1565.

Loay and Loboc Churches: Century-old churches with baroque
architecture, historic relics, and riverside views.

Bohol National Museum (Tagbilaran): Houses archaeological finds,
ethnographic displays, and relics of Boholano heritage.

Festivals & Events
Sandugo Festival (Tagbilaran): Held in July, celebrating the Blood
Compact with street dancing, cultural shows, and parades.

Ubi Festival (Tagbilaran): Celebrates the province’s staple root crop —
features food fairs, exhibits, and contests promoting ubi-based dishes.

Bolibong Kingking Festival (Loboc): A musical-religious celebration
honoring Our Lady of Guadalupe with drumbeats and dance rituals.

Nature & Hidden Gems
Anda Beaches: Known for powdery white sand, crystal waters, and quiet
resorts — a great alternative to Panglao.

Cadapdapan Rice Terraces (Candijay): A scenic highland area with
layered rice paddies, waterfalls, and eco-trails.

Can-umantad Falls (Candijay): One of Bohol’s tallest waterfalls — a
breathtaking cascade ideal for swimming and photos.

Danao Adventure Park: Offers extreme activities like ziplining, river
tubing, rappelling, and bungee jumping in a rugged canyon setting.