******************** Cebu [More info] ********************

Top Attractions
Kawasan Falls (Badian): A stunning three-tiered turquoise waterfall
famous for canyoneering, swimming, and bamboo rafting adventures.

Oslob Whale Shark Watching: A unique experience to swim alongside
gentle whale sharks in the waters off Oslob.

Sumilon Island (Oslob): A private island with white sandbars, a lagoon,
and a marine sanctuary — ideal for snorkeling and kayaking.

Malapascua Island (Daanbantayan): A diving haven known for sightings of
thresher sharks, coral gardens, and beautiful beaches.

Moalboal Sardine Run: A surreal underwater spectacle of millions of
sardines swimming in unison, perfect for snorkeling and diving.

Cebu Taoist Temple (Cebu City): A colorful, multi-tiered temple with
dragon statues, wishing wells, and views of the city skyline.

Temple of Leah (Cebu City): A Roman-inspired temple built as a shrine
of love, featuring giant statues, columns, and panoramic views.

Magellan’s Cross (Cebu City): A historic Christian cross planted by
Spanish explorers in 1521, marking Cebu’s place in Philippine history.

Fort San Pedro (Cebu City): The oldest triangular fortress in the
Philippines, showcasing Spanish colonial artifacts and a peaceful park.

Cultural & Historical Highlights
Basilica Minore del Santo Niño (Cebu City): The oldest Roman Catholic
church in the country, housing the revered image of the Santo Niño.

Colon Street (Cebu City): The oldest street in the Philippines,
surrounded by heritage landmarks, shops, and historic architecture.

Mactan Shrine (Lapu-Lapu City): Honors the bravery of Lapu-Lapu who
defeated Magellan in the 1521 Battle of Mactan.

Casa Gorordo Museum (Cebu City): A preserved Spanish colonial mansion
showcasing 19th-century Cebuano lifestyle and artifacts.

Festivals & Events
Sinulog Festival (Cebu City): Held every January in honor of the Santo
Niño — Cebu’s grandest celebration with parades, street dancing, and
religious rituals.

Kadaugan sa Mactan (Lapu-Lapu City): A reenactment of Magellan’s defeat
with cultural shows, parades, and food festivals in April.

Kabkaban Festival (Carcar): A religious-cultural celebration showcasing
folk dances and vibrant street performances.

Nature & Hidden Gems
Camotes Islands: A peaceful escape with serene lakes, caves, beaches,
and cliffs perfect for off-the-beaten-path travelers.

Bantayan Island: A laid-back island paradise with white beaches,
historic churches, and a relaxed fishing town atmosphere.

Sirao Flower Garden (Cebu City uplands): Dubbed the "Little Amsterdam"
for its vibrant celosia flowers and scenic mountain views.

Osmeña Peak (Dalaguete): Cebu’s highest point — great for hiking and
offering panoramic views of jagged hills and coastline.

Buwakan ni Alejandra (Balamban): A blooming flower garden set in the
mountains, perfect for photography and peaceful strolls.