******************** Guimaras [More info] ********************

Top Attractions
Guisi Lighthouse (Nueva Valencia): An 18th-century Spanish-era
lighthouse ruin offering panoramic views of the sea — one of the oldest
lighthouses in the Philippines.

Alubihod Beach (Nueva Valencia): A picturesque cove with fine white
sand, crystal-clear waters, and island-hopping tours to nearby islets.

Natago Beach (Nueva Valencia): A secluded, less-crowded beach perfect
for relaxation, snorkeling, and cliffside photo ops.

Ave Maria Islet (Jordan): A tiny islet known for its powdery beach,
turquoise water, and coral reefs — great for quick boat trips.

Tatlong Pulo Beach (Jordan): A serene stretch of sand facing three
rocky islets, ideal for budget-friendly beach camping.

Sad-Sad Falls (Buenavista): A multi-level waterfall surrounded by
lush greenery, great for light treks and nature swimming.

Trappist Monastery (Jordan): The only Trappist monastery in the
Philippines — visit for peaceful prayer walks and local products made
by monks.

Taklong Island National Marine Reserve (Nueva Valencia): A protected
area with vibrant marine life, perfect for kayaking, snorkeling, and
research eco-trips.

Cultural & Historical Highlights
Guimaras Museum (Jordan): Displays the province’s heritage, culture,
and history through artifacts, crafts, and photographic exhibits.

Roca Encantada (Buenavista): A heritage summer house built in 1910 by
the Lopez family, now a National Historical Landmark overlooking the
sea.

Festivals & Events
Manggahan Festival (Province-wide): Celebrated every May, it honors
Guimaras' world-class mangoes with street dancing, agri-trade fairs,
and mango-eating contests.

Nature & Hidden Gems
Mango Plantations (Jordan & San Lorenzo): Guimaras is famous for its
export-quality mangoes. Plantations offer tours and fresh fruit
tasting.

Windmills of San Lorenzo: A scenic field of towering wind turbines —
a symbol of renewable energy in the province.

Baras Beach (Jordan): A quiet resort area with beachfront cottages,
kayaking, and panoramic views of nearby islets.

Nagarao Island (Nueva Valencia): A remote island paradise with
snorkeling, hammocks, and native huts — perfect for a peaceful escape.