******************** Siquijor [More info] ********************

Top Attractions
Cambugahay Falls (Lazi): A multi-tiered waterfall with clear turquoise
pools and rope swings — perfect for swimming and relaxing in nature.

Salagdoong Beach (Maria): A popular beach resort with crystal-clear
waters, cliff diving spots, and scenic seaside views.

Old Enchanted Balete Tree (Lazi): A centuries-old balete tree with a
natural spring pool at its base where fish give relaxing foot spas.

Paliton Beach (San Juan): A serene white-sand beach with calm waters,
palm trees, and one of the best sunset views in the province.

Cantabon Cave (Siquijor): A spelunking destination with underground
streams, stalactites, and a sense of mystic adventure.

Lugnason Falls (San Juan): A secluded waterfall surrounded by lush
jungle, ideal for quiet dips and short treks.

Cultural & Historical Highlights
San Isidro Labrador Church & Convent (Lazi): A National Cultural
Treasure built in the 1800s — one of the oldest and largest convents
in Asia.

St. Francis of Assisi Church (Siquijor): The province’s first church,
built in 1780, with coral stone walls and a bell tower near the port.

Healers and Herbalists: Siquijor is known for its folk healing
traditions, especially during Holy Week when local healers perform
spiritual rituals using herbs and oils.

Festivals & Events
Healing Festival (Siquijor): Held during Holy Week, this gathering of
traditional healers attracts visitors seeking spiritual cleansing and
alternative medicine.

Dilaab Festival (Siquijor): Celebrates the island’s history, mystique,
and cultural pride with dancing, costumes, and street parades.

Nature & Hidden Gems
Mt. Bandilaan National Park (Siquijor): The highest point in Siquijor,
offering forest trails, shrines, and a panoramic view of the island.

Guiwanon Spring Park (Enrique Villanueva): A mangrove conservation area
with bamboo walkways and cottages over water — ideal for nature lovers.

Tulapos Marine Sanctuary (Enrique Villanueva): A protected marine area
with rich coral reefs, sea turtles, and giant clams — perfect for
snorkeling.

Kagusuan Beach (Maria): A hidden, undeveloped white-sand beach with
limestone formations and peaceful surroundings.