******************** Southern Leyte [More info] ********************
Top Attractions
Limasawa Island: This is Southern Leyte's most historically 
significant site. It is widely recognized as the site of the First 
Catholic Mass in the Philippines on Easter Sunday, March 31, 1521, 
officiated by Father Pedro de Valderrama. A large cross and a 
historical marker commemorate this event. The island also offers 
beautiful beaches and clear waters.

Padre Burgos Dive Sites: The waters off Padre Burgos are renowned 
for some of the best diving and snorkeling in Southern Leyte, 
featuring vibrant coral reefs and diverse marine life, including 
healthy fish populations and occasional whale sharks.

Napantao Marine Sanctuary (San Francisco, Pintuyan): One of the 
most pristine and biodiverse dive sites in the Philippines. It's a 
wall dive with incredibly rich coral formations, teeming with various 
fish, nudibranchs, and other macro marine life. It's a must-visit 
for serious divers.

Whale Shark Interaction (Pintuyan): Similar to Donsol, Pintuyan has 
become known as another site for encountering whale sharks, 
particularly from December to May. It offers a more remote and less 
crowded interaction experience.

Busay Falls (Maasin City): The tallest waterfall in Southern Leyte, 
offering a refreshing cascade into natural pools, set amidst lush 
tropical vegetation.

Hindang Caves and Monoliths (Hindang): Features impressive rock 
formations and several caves, including the main cave with a large 
chamber and a spring. The area is also home to a local park with 
amenities.

Monte Cueva Shrine (Maasin City): A religious grotto built inside a
natural cave on a hill, offering panoramic views of Maasin City and 
the surrounding sea. It's a popular pilgrimage site.

Aguinaldo Shrine (Maasin City): A historical house where General 
Emilio Aguinaldo stayed for a short period during the Philippine-
American War.

Cultural & Historical Highlights
Maasin City Cathedral (Our Lady of Assumption Parish Cathedral): A 
prominent religious landmark in the provincial capital.

Southern Leyte Provincial Capitol (Maasin City): The seat of the 
provincial government.

Wawa Bridge (Maasin City): An iconic bridge in the capital city, 
offering scenic views of the coast.

Sogod Bay: The large bay that defines much of Southern Leyte's 
coastline, known for its deep waters and rich marine ecosystems, 
making it excellent for diving and fishing.